[docs] Document the matchContents sizing contract on Host and RNHostView (#48309)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v57.0.0/sdk/ui/swift-ui/rnhostview.mdx

- **With `matchContents`**: The shadow node size is set to match the child React Native view's intrinsic size, allowing the SwiftUI parent to size itself based on the React Native content.
- **Without `matchContents`**: The shadow node size is set to match the parent SwiftUI view's size, allowing the React Native content to fill the available space (useful for `flex: 1` layouts).

> > **Note:** `matchContents` only works when the child has a natural size of its own. If the child just fills whatever space it is given (`flex: 1`, percentage widths, or text that wraps to the available width), SwiftUI and Yoga keep resizing each other and layout can loop forever. Let the child size to its content instead, for example with `alignSelf: 'flex-start'`, and give long text a `maxWidth`.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `prose.md#core-principles`

The changelog entry for this change names a trigger the note leaves out: the iOS Button Shapes accessibility setting. A button has a natural size of its own, so a reader who hits the loop that way reads this note and concludes it does not apply to them. Name that trigger here and in the swift-ui `matchContents` TSDoc, and point `flex: 1` at "Flexible content without matchContents" since `alignSelf` and `maxWidth` do not fix it.

---

```suggestion
> **Note:** `matchContents` only works when the child has a natural size of its own. If the child fills whatever space it is given (percentage widths, or text that wraps to the available width), or the iOS Button Shapes accessibility setting is enabled, SwiftUI and Yoga keep resizing each other and layout can loop forever. Give the child a size of its own, for example `alignSelf: 'flex-start'` or a `maxWidth` on long text. For a child that is meant to fill the space, such as `flex: 1`, omit `matchContents` and see [Flexible content without matchContents](#flexible-content-without-matchcontents).
```

<!-- docs-review -->
